esb: fix CRC setup configuration (#7431)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Updated :ref:`Zigbee shell library <lib_zigbee_shell>`.
  For details, see `Libraries for Zigbee`_.

ESB
---

> * Fix: modified the "update_radio_crc()" function in order to correctly configure the CRC's registers (8 bits, 16 bits or none).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the ``update_radio_crc()`` function in order to correctly configure the CRC's registers (8 bits, 16 bits, or none).
```
